                    README
                   --------
                   This configuration implements a simple yet powerful
                   tiling functionality to fvwm. One can switch between
                   tiling and classical floating mode on a per screen basis.
                   Additionally, when in tiling mode individual windows can
                   be set to floating (either using key mappings or by default
                   via the configuration file).

                   Some of the functions used by this configuration are based
                   on various other configurations which I unfortunately have
                   not documented and therefore can not give credit for.

   Current Issues: When MasterWidth is set to 20, 40, 45, 65 or 70
                   Master and Slave area overlap by one pixel after 
                   calling WMIArrange. Probably this is caused by 
                   Resize rounding up, while FVWMRearrange is rounding
                   down. Fix by using Piperead to do the rounding, and
                   passing arguments in pixels? Or:

                   Globally define Masterwidth in pixel
                   (compute it once from percentage of screen), and pass
                   arguments to all functions in pixels. In Increase/
                   DecreaseMasterWidth function, we can then use "w-XXXp"

                   The configuration of the menus is rather depreciated 
                   (I rarely use them).

      States used: State 0: Toggles EdgeScroll (true if EdgeThickness 0)
                            (FvwmButtons only)
                   State 1: true if window is master
                   State 2: true if window is floating
                   State 3: toggles Title/!Title (true if !Title)

     Requirements: The use of 'urxvt' is hardcoded as the default shell. Sorry!
                   Either install or better change code (using a variable).
                   Further the background-console relies on 'screen'.
                   Finally, 'stalonetray' is used as pager and 'dmenu_path' is used
                   for the program launcher. Install or adjust. (A recompiled-version
                   of dmenu to match the taskbar-size is included, you may have to 
                   compile yourself if running on another platform.)

    Customization: The behavior of the background console is configured in the 
                   file screenrc.alpine (no need to actually start alpine there).

                   There are a number of themes to chose from in the theme folder
                   (e16 is the default).

                   By default I use a 2x2x1 desktop configuration. I.e., I have 2
                   desktops a 2x1 screens. By default only the left screen of 
                   desktop 0 (the default desktop) starts in tiling mode.

                   Most of the customization is done in this file. Just read through it.
                   If you use vim, the folding should make it rather organized and easy
                   to read.

      Keybindings: Tiling-Related:
                     Alt+Space:       Switch current screen between floating/tiling mode
                                      (can also be done using the indicator-button in the
                                      right upper corner of the button bar).
                     Alt+Shift+Space: Switch current window between floating/tiling 
                                      (only works when in tiling mode)
                     Ctrl+Alt+Enter:  Make current window master
                     Alt+L:           Increase master area
                     Alt+H:           Decrease master area

                    Selecting windows:
                     Alt+K:           Select next window clockwise
                     Alt+J:           Select next window counterclockwise
                     Alt+Ctrl+K:      Move current window clockwise
                     Alt+Ctrl+J:      Move current window counterclockwise
                     Alt+Tab:         Cycle through comple window list (including minimized
                                      and other screens)

                    Navigating workspaces:
                     Alt-Right:       Go to right screen (alternative binding: Alt+])
                     Alt-Left:        Go to left screen (alternative binding: Alt+[)
                     Alt-Ctrl-Right:  Go to right screen and take focused windows with you
                     Alt-Ctrl-Left:   Go to left screen and take focused windows with you
                     Alt-Down:        Go to next (secondary) desktop
                     Alt-Up:          Go to previous (primary) desktop
                     Alt-Escape:      Go to last screen

                    Window operations:
                     Alt+M:           Maximize and set floating
                     Alt+T:           Titlebar on/off
                     Alt+S:           Toggle Sticky
                     Alt+X:           Minimize (retrieve using the taskbar or alt+tab)
                     Alt+Shift+C:     Close (alternative shortcut Alt+F4)
                     Alt+LeftClick:   Move window and set to floating
                     Alt+RightClick:  Resize window and set to floating

                    Other:
                     Alt+P:           Execute command
                     Alt+Grave:       Toggle Background console
                     Middle-Click root window/titlebar: Toggle Edgescrolling

                    Applications:
                     customize in the keybinding section
